# Exercise 05

## Part A

Choose a website that you visit often (e.g., Facebook.com or Amazon.com).
Analyze the routing toward such servers, e.g.,
by using `tracert` (on Windows) or `traceroute` (on Mac) from a Bash shell.
Look at some of the IP addresses on the router path, and check their owners and locations
by using websites like `www.iplocation.net`.

## Part B

Have a computer connected to the internet (e.g., via WiFi).
Find out the local IPv4 address for such machine, which will be something
like `10.32.0.1`. 
You can either do it via the GUI in your OS, or by running on Bash shell
`ipconfig` (on Windows) or `ifconfig | grep inet` on Mac.

Install [WireShark](www.wireshark.org) on your machine.
Start analyzing the traffic on your network card.
In particular, use a filter like `ip.src == 10.31.0.1 && tcp` (replace with your 
actual IP) to check the outgoing TCP messages.
Look at the destination IP addresses of some of the outgoing messages,
and check them with `www.iplocation.net`.


## Part C
For this exercise you need two machines (e.g., two laptops) and a smart-phone (eg, iPhone 
or Android) that can connect to internet without need of WiFi.
This exercise is best to be done in group.
You also need to be able to connect all these devices to the same WiFi.

On the first machine, which we will call `A`, have WireShark installed, and run the web application
from previous exercise via Docker.
Verify you can access such web page via a browser by using either `localhost` or `127.0.0.1`
as URL.  

Find out the IP address of `A`, which we identify here in this exercise text as `ip(A)`,
e.g., `ip(A) = 10.31.0.1`.

By using `docker ps`, make sure that your running image is binding to `0.0.0.0:80 -> 80/tcp`.
Verify that you can access such web page even when you type `ip(A)` in the URL.

If you have a firewall on your machine (e.g., likely Windows will have `Windows Defender Firewall`
on by default), then *disable* it.
However, remember to **ENABLE** it back once you are done with this exercise.  


On the second machine which we call `B`, do a `ping` from Bash shell toward the IP address `ip(A)`.
Make sure of course that both `A` and `B` are connected to the same WiFi.
If everything is correct (i.e., you are using the right IP addresses and no firewall is 
interfering), then the ping should be successful. 
Also ping `B` from `A`.

On `B`, in the browser connect to `ip(A)`. You should be able to see the web page served by `A`.

On `A`, with WireShark, verify that you can see the messages incoming from `B`.
You can use a filter (e.g., `ip.dst == ip(A) && ip.src == ip(B) && tcp`) to focus only 
on those messages.

Use a mobile (let's call it `M`), and connect to the same WiFi in which `A` and `B` are connected.
Find out the IP address of `M` (this will depend on the model, so you will need to google it).
From either `A` or `B`, do ping `ip(M)` (this should work for most mobiles).

From the browser in `M`, do connect to `ip(A)` to get that web page.
Now, disconnect from the WiFi.
Verify you can still use the mobile to browse internet, but the page at `ip(A)` is not longer
accessible. 
Make sure you can explain *why* this is the case.  




