# Exercise 09

### Part A

Run the following Docker image:

`docker run -p 8080:8080 -t arcuri82/bank-unsecure`

Such web application represents an extremely simplified bank.

Open the page at `localhost:8080` with 2 *different* browsers, e.g.,
Chrome and Firefox.
In each of them, sign up with two different accounts, e.g., 
`A` (on Chrome) and `B` (on Firefox/Safari/Edge).
Each account starts with 1000 credits.
It is important to use 2 different browsers, so session cookies are not shared,
and can login with 2 different users at the same time from the same machine. 

From `A`, do transfer some credit to `B` (e.g., 200). Refresh the page
in  `B` to verify the money has been transferred (e.g., `B` should have 1200
credits now). Transfer the money back, so that both `A` and `B` have the same
starting amount of credits.


### Part B

In `B`, logout and create an account for a user called `eve` (note, use this
exact name, it is important).

From the browser of `A`, while `A` is logged in, open the `index_ajax.html`
file from this folder.
Assume `A` was tricked to visit such page via Social Engineering.

Such page will try to transfer 1000 credits from the currently logged in user
toward `eve`.
However, such attempt should fail.
Read the source code of `index_ajax.html` to understand what it is trying
to do under the hood.
In Chrome Developer Tools, look at the `Console` to see what was the problem.
Make sure you are able to explain why such attack did fail.


### Part C

Using a `index_ajax.html` as a starting point template, fix such page
to rather use a hidden POST form triggered automatically by JavaScript
at page load.
Open such page from the same browser of where `A` is logged in.
Verify (e.g., by refreshing the pages) that 1000 credits are automatically transferred to (i.e., stolen by)
 `eve`.


Solutions to this exercise can be found  under the
`solutions/09` folder.
 