# Exercise 07

### Part A

To do this exercise you need two different machines (one can be a mobile)
connected to the same WiFi. 
Let's call them `A` and `B`.
For this exercise, you need to be in two people (i.e., do this exercise in group), 
or have two different email accounts.


On `A`, build a Docker image from the `Dockerfile` in this folder.
Verify that such image is built with no error (at times it might fail
as relying on external servers).
Note: it might take several minutes to build.

Run such image by opening the port 80 (`-p` option) and in interactive mode
(`-i` option).
Once started from a command line, you should be prompted to a Bash shell running
inside the Docker image.


On this Bash shell, start the command `setoolkit`. 
You need to choose the following commands in order:

* 1\) Social-Engineering Attacks
* 2\) Website Attack Vectors
* 3\) Credential Harvester Attack Method
* 2\) Site Cloner

At that point you will need to input the IP address of `A`, e.g.,
`10.32.0.1`.
Then, you need to provide the IP/hostname of the site to clone.
Choose `facebook.com`.

If everything is correct, you should be able to point the browser to
the IP address of `A`, and see a Facebook login page.
Try to login with wrong username/password.
Confirm that you can see those values in the logs of the Docker Bash shell.


Now, write an email to one of the other students doing this exercise.
Use Social Engineering to trick them to follow a specific link pointing
to a page on Facebook (e.g., "look at this cute cat picture!").
But the link should actually be pointing to the IP address of `A`.
When following the link on `B` from the email, s/he should get the fake 
login page running on `A` on port 80.
Make sure that the target of the email does know of the exercise, and that
should **NOT** use his/her real credentials.
Have one wrong login attempt (do **NOT** use your real passwords!!!) on `B`.
Verify that the attempted login is logged on `A`, and in `A` you can see
the used username/password. 


### Part B

Repeat the previous exercise, but this time choose a different target
instead of `facebook.com`.
Note: depending on the target you choose, `Site Cloner` might or might
not work.





