# Exercise 08

###  Part A

Run the following Docker image:

`docker run -p 8080:8080 arcuri82/tk2100-quiz`

This will run a REST API. Connect to `localhost:8080` to see the
Swagger documentation for this API. See how to call it to get 
a random quiz out of it.
Try to get a random quiz, by typing the resource path directly in the 
URL bar of the browser.
For example, if the resource is `/foo/bar`, then the URL would be
`localhost:8080/foo/bar`.
Verify that you get on the browser the JSON (and not HTML) of a random
quiz from the API.

Now, once the JSON has been displayed, look at the URL address bar in
the browser.
It should had been changed, pointing to a different resource. Why?
Retry to get a random quiz, but, this time, have the Chrome Developer Tools
open on the Network tab, and see how many HTTP calls are actually done.
Look at the status code of the first request, and verify that it is a 307.
What would happen if the developers of the REST API would had wrongly returned
a 301 instead?

### Part B

Using the `index.html` file in this folder as a staring point, 
write a page in which you can
play a quiz game. Such page should use AJAX to retrieve and display one
random quiz from the REST API.
When the user clicks on one of the answers, s/he should get a pop-up message (e.g.,
using the JavaScript function `alert()`) stating whether the answer was
correct or not, and then display a new random quiz.

Note: do not worry by the fact that a user could cheat by checking the Chrome
Developer Tools to read the source code, and get the right answer marked there.


Solutions to this exercise can be found under the
`solutions/08` folder.